I have an opinion
Dad?
Qin Feng, why are you here?
You can come, why can't I come?
Qingfeng, what are you doing here?
I'm here to represent Gorgeous in the technology selection
Qingfeng, you flying dance dare to participate in the technology selection
Let's not be deceived by him
He is our useless son-in-law
Edible and lazy
And locked himself in the house for years without going out
What technology does he know?
Unexpectedly, Duan Mengxue's husband turned out to be a waste
No wonder it's gorgeous and down-to-earth.
Even the CEO has such a poor eye for men
What good products can be made?
Jin Feng, don't talk nonsense
This is not a place for you to mess around
Even my mother is not a match for guiding mobile phones
The father who can only hide out has no way to Mo Xue
You believe me.
I have developed the latest smartphones
You will definitely get the first place.
Latest mobile phone
Just because you trash still want to get first place
You know this Sharp phone in my hand
How high-end is it?
Just trash
Garbage Qin Fang
The case of my lower general phone can smash walnuts.
Smash walnuts, you know?
This is the newly developed integrated material in the island country
solid
Humming walnuts
It's ridiculous
This phone I developed can even smash diamonds
In comparison
Your phone is a fighter in the trash
Even diamonds can be smashed
This kid is too crazy
This diamond?
But the hardest in nature
Buffalo
Gorgeous mobile phones have been dedicated to the development of new materials
Did they really develop a better phone than the next one?
And your phone materials
It's not impossible.
How is that possible?
No matter how gorgeous it is, it can't compare to Sharp in the island country.
That is.
Can we still not know the gorgeous strength?
Jin Feng, can you stop talking nonsense?
And smashed diamonds
You are not afraid that the wind will hit you
Tongue you are so capable
Show it on stage
As you wish